You're thinking better to stay with this
man than to stay alone. But girl, do you
really think this man is going to stay
with you? Do you really think that he's
going to love and respect you more
because you are allowing him to
disrespect you? Spoiler alert, he won't.
Once it's convenient for him, he's going
to leave you. So, the truth is, you are
already living in hell, and it only can
get better. Hi guys, and welcome back to
my channel. If you're new here, my name
is Michaela. Let's get right into this.
So, last night I was having a
conversation with one of my older
friends. He is already having a child.
He is being with a woman. And at some
point, he said, "She's now almost my
wife." And I was like, "Wow, great.
Congratulations. When did you propose to
her?" Then he said, "No, no, no, no. I
didn't propose to her and I will never.
I'm not going to marry her." I was a bit
confused and I asked why. She answered
with listing millions of reasons and
disadvantages for him marrying this girl
because once they divorce she can make
his life miserable. She can ask for so
much money etc. And the cherry on top
was that he said apart from that once I
have a lot of money I'm not going to
stay with this girl. Keep in mind this
girl is the mother of his child. And he
topped it with, "But don't worry, she
knows about it." Like he was being proud
of being honest about not liking her
that much and about anyways not staying
with her long term. And to be honest,
ladies, this is not a one-time example.
Many women are in that same exact
position. I wasn't even that shocked
about him saying what he said. more
shocked I am about her knowing what's
going on and still staying with him. And
yeah, you can all come after me now, but
I do not believe in the concept of
staying with someone, staying with a man
just for the sake of not being alone or
for the sake of the child. No. Even
though every child deserves a father in
their life, I do not believe that it's
the right thing as a woman to make
yourself suffer. Staying with someone
that does not even respect you at all,
being with a man that literally does not
contribute any value to your life is
also you being in a position where you
cannot be and operate at your best self.
That disrespect you are allowing is what
actually drains you. It drains your
confidence. It drains your beauty. It
drains your youth. It drains your
feminine magnetic aura. And you not
having this feminine magnetic aura is
ultimately harming the child and
yourself more than not staying with the
father of the child. For what? I hate to
break it to you for a man that won't
even stay anyways. And here comes the
interesting part. If this girl would
stop allowing him to disrespect her, if
this girl would wake up one day and say,
"Listen, until here and not anymore, I
do not allow you to stay in my rearm. I
do not allow you to stay in my house. I
do not allow you to be around us 24/7
the way how you treat us. You do not
bring any value to our lives. Please
remove yourself from it. pack your bags
and remove yourself from this house. If
she would do that one day, I am pretty
sure this man would wake up suddenly
would realize her worth. You as a woman
need to stop being the pick me girl. As
the woman that is always nice, allowing
disrespect, allowing people to walk
over, you are not being more loved at
some point or more respected. No, it's
the exact contrary. You need to
understand a man's brain. And men, they
simply get comfortable when they do not
have to put in the effort. If he knows
you are staying anyways with him, no
matter what he does, you can talk, you
can yell, you can have arguments how
much you want, he is going to be
comfortable because you're staying
anyways. You need to stop seeing a man
as the price. You are the price. Okay?
You are the one that needs to be
convinced to stay with a man. You are
the one that needs to be courted and not
the other way around. And don't come now
with comments.
>> But I like to spoil my man. I like to be
around him all the time. I like to be
the nice girl. I like to do everything
for him. I like to cook for him. I like
to be wifey material without actually
being wifey.
>> No, you have to stop it. Okay. Not that
I hate men. Not that I think no man does
deserve this, but a man first needs to
earn it to deserve it. Okay? There is no
man on earth that will respect you more
for you being easy, overgiving,
overdoing and presenting yourself,
presenting your value to him as he
wouldn't already know that. Men know the
value of women in their life. That's why
men want to be around women. Okay. You
as a woman have something no man has.
You are life force and love. Men learn
true love through woman. You learn true
love through yourself. Okay? You're
having a connection to the universe, a
spiritual connection and a connection to
new life. You as a woman are literally
giving birth to new life. Like you are
the source of life. Of course, men want
to be with a woman. Apart from their
beauty, apart from being attracted to
them, men want to be around women
because it is life. Okay? When a woman
comes in a man's life, it brings life to
his life. You need to understand your
value girl. You need to understand who
and what you are and bring to the table
as a woman. It's not tangible. It's not
the same thing that men bring to the
table. And you do not have to compensate
what he brings. You don't have to bring
back the same thing. Just because he's
offering to pay the bills, he's offering
to do something for you does not mean
that you need to do the same thing for
him. Absolutely no. Appreciation for his
effort. Yes, absolutely. But
appreciation does not come in the same
way as effort does. And another thing
this man said is that once he has the
money, he's going to get a woman he
truly is physically attracted to. Now
men are always say what you want, always
going for a woman they are physically
attracted to. And that's why you as a
woman should also go always with a man
that you are financially attracted to.
It's a very natural need and instinct
for a woman to go with a man that can
actually provide financially. And let me
tell you, financial provision should be
the bare minimum. I'm not saying that
loyalty, kindness, and love is not
important. But the bare minimum, the
basic requirement of a man should be to
be able to financially provide. Okay?
Now, if you want to call me a gold
digger, do so. If you're going to call
out women who choose men based on their
financial stability, do so. Okay? But
this woman will end up in a better
position than you will ever. Okay? If
the man is cheating or deciding one day
he doesn't want to be with you anymore
or like this man from the beginning
knows already that this is not the woman
he wants to marry. This is not the woman
he wants to stay with which by the way
many men do to stay with someone out of
convenience until they can afford a
woman out of their choice then that's
your choice honey. If you want to
struggle for love, if you want to be
with someone just for the sake of being
with someone for the sake of
convenience, do so. But I'm not going to
tell you ever on my channel that you
should stay with a man or be with a man
or get a man just for the sake of not
being alone. Because the consequences of
staying with a man that does not truly
respect and love you and is not
completely obsessed about you are so
much bigger than you can even
comprehend. And I know that because I
have been in that positions myself.
Okay? I have been in relationships
actually where I was not being
appreciated, where I was just being
there for convenience. I was being like
the second choice. And now don't ask me
why I stayed in the first place. Because
girl, I don't know. But what I know it
was more important for me to stay with
someone than being alone. I know I was
being miserable. I was being stuck and I
was living for someone else's dreams,
requirements, and life purpose. The only
moment when I finally started to realize
what's my purpose on here, when I
finally started to reconnect with who I
am as a woman, with what I bring to this
world and to this life and what's my
purpose, what I want to do with my life,
was when I completely stopped to revolve
my world around men. Men are not the
most important thing in a woman's life.
Okay? Men can be a great additional
thing when they come to your life and
bring value. They come to your life to
make it easier. Okay? And only that way,
this is also going to be a successful
relationship.
Believe me or believe me not. But women
who are in relationships with men that
don't respect them, women who are
overdoing, overgiving and being the nice
girls in the relationship are not happy.
Okay? And the main reason why our
grandparents are living long together
was because our grandmothers mostly have
endured so much. They just learned to be
okay with the bare minimum. They learned
to overgive and shut down their own
needs and wants. Of course, that's a way
of living. Many women still live like
this. But you don't have to. You do not
have to sacrifice your own whole
personality and character and purpose
for the sake of being with a man. You
don't have to. And there are also men
who do appreciate you. I think nowadays
we're having this great wave of women
understanding that they can be
successful themselves and they can bring
so much value to this world and this
life. They do not need to follow a man's
vision. We have our own visions as well.
And we're allowed to embrace this. We're
allowed to live our vision. Actually,
no. We must live our own visions. We
must rewrite the story of relationships.
Rewrite that whole gender war because
there is no real gender war. The war is
between women who say accept the bare
minimum just to be with a man and women
who say do not settle with someone who
doesn't bring value to your life. If you
keep settling with men who do not bring
value to your life, you also tell
yourself you are not worth of more. you
do not have more value. You do not even
value yourself more to be selective with
the men and people you allow into your
life. And of course, if you want to live
a passive life, if you want to live a
life that feels unfulfilled and drained,
if you want to live a life with someone
that does not respect you, do that,
girl. I'm not telling you what to do and
what not to do. I'm just giving you the
facts. And the facts are that you do not
have to suffer. You do not have to.
You're able to choose better for
yourself. And I want you to be very,
very clear on that one. If you're in
relationship with someone that does not
value you, you're already living in
hell. It does not need to be physical
abuse. It does not need to be emotional
or financial abuse. It can only be a man
that does not 100% value you. And that's
already your reason out. That's already
you living in hell. Okay? You
surrounding yourself with people,
someone that does not value you is like
living in hell. Nothing is worse than
staying with the wrong person. Nothing
is worse than staying with a man who
does not respect you. Nothing is worse
than living for someone else's
expectations and visions of life. Call
me a gold digger, but I would never ever
entertain anymore a man that cannot
financially provide for me. If one day
he decides to leave me, he decides to
cheat on me, let me alone be with a
child, minimum, I'm going to do it with
more money in my bank account. And you
should too, because the chances are very
high that a man is leaving you with
trauma, with a child, heartbroken, or
simply wasted your time. minimum he will
leave you with more money in your bank
account. So no, it doesn't even make
sense anymore to be the nice pickme girl
because men are going to leave anyways
and especially if you are the nice girl.
Now if you want to make sure to be with
a man that not just tolerates you, to be
with a man that actually loves you and
is obsessed with you and respects you,
it's very simple. You need to make him
work for it. A few days ago, I was
sitting in a cafe and I overheard a
conversation accidentally, which was
interesting because a man was explaining
to a woman how to date properly. And he
said word for word, you need to make him
work for you. You need to set your mind
strong and do not give any man access to
you if he has not earned it. Then he
said, "Just because he sends you
flowers, it does not grant him a date
with you. You have to make it so
difficult because if it's easy and fast,
it's not serious."
Period. That's coming from a man's
mouth. And this is what I need you to
understand. Men will tell you to be more
easygoing, to be more nice, because of
course it's going to be convenient for
him. but only for the instant
gratification. After the woman said,
"But I have a friend and she was being
intimate with this man on the first date
and after a few months they were
married."
You know what he said without
hesitation? She was lucky.
She was lucky. Okay? And honestly, he
could not have used a better word for
that because yes, the same way as people
who win lottery are lucky, it does not
make gambling a valid financial strategy
how you can make money. If you keep
rolling around in bed with men and hope
>> I will be the exception one day, he will
choose me one day, maybe this man will
choose me,
>> you are playing roulette with your own
body. And nine times out of 10, the
outcome is not a ring, honey. The
outcome is a broken heart, trauma, and
the man explaining to you why he's not
ready to settle yet.
Men know this, okay? Men act like they
have no clue. Act like they're not
playing games, but they know about this
and they play with it. Okay? They play
with your feelings. They play with your
natural desire as a woman to want
connection, to want a family, to want
children for their own convenience.
Every man is doing it. You just need to
sort them out. You just need to find the
man who is ready to settle. Okay? You
need to sort the man out who are here
for short-term joy. And how you do that
is by setting standards. It's very
simple. If your standard is to get
flowers on the first date and he doesn't
bring the flowers even though you told
him out. If your standard is that you do
not enter a man's house, you're not
being intimate with a man the first 6
months, you're sorting him out if he
doesn't respect your standard and
boundary there. If your standard is to
have a man that is solving your problems
and you're giving him a problem, but his
answer is, "Oh, that must be hard. I
hope you will manage." He's out. Okay,
let's say you tell your man that your
washer is broken, you need help with it,
and he sends you a link on how to
prepare it. He is out. Okay, this is not
a man that is serious that puts in the
effort to court you to make you happy.
Maybe you already showed him that you
are available anyways. He's out. You
must remove yourself from this
situation. If you're telling him that
last minute dates won't work for you,
but he keeps telling you last minute to
come here, come there, you need to stay
your ground, setting your boundaries.
And if he does not respect that and
keeps on offering lastm minute dates,
you disappear. He is out. Okay? And
that's why standards are so important.
The higher your standards are, the
better. Yes, you might be alone for a
while. Yes, you might be a little bit
uncomfortable and thinking,
>> "Is my dream man even coming?"
>> But let me tell you, as everything in
life, you can choose the easy way and
just go with the next best man and then
have it difficult for the rest of your
life. or you choose the difficult way
and then have it easy for the rest of
your life. That's the same way with
school, with university, with everything
in life. You first need to take the
difficult route, the hard route to have
it easy afterwards. One of my friends
was single now for 3 years and all my
other friends told her,
>> "Your standards are too high. You're
expecting too much. You will never find
someone."
>> Yeah, her standards were really, really
high.
But after 3 years, she met her dream
man. And he was not even missing a beat
to put in the effort and win her over.
She is now with a man who proposed to
her and is obsessing over her. Is
literally kissing the ground she's
walking on because he put in the effort
to court her. She made it really, really
difficult for him and for all the other
men. And he knows that. He knows that he
got her because he had to put in so much
effort. And I can already tell these two
are most likely to stay together
forever. They are going to have
children. They're going to move in
together and they're going to be happy
because he put in the effort. And as I
tell you in all my other videos, men who
put in the effort are men who commit.
Anyways guys, I hope this could help and
I see you in my next video. Bye-bye.